[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hello, internet.
It's me, Paul.
I want to talk to you
about Supercharged, mainly,
that I'm getting towards the end
of the list of the sites that
have been submitted.
And so I need more.
Because if there
aren't any more,
then I'll just be staring
at you for five, six
minutes at a time, like this.
And I don't know who's going to
feel more awkward about that.
I'll be honest with you.
It's probably going to be you.
So if we want to avoid that,
and I suggest that we do,
click on the link below,
tap in your details,
and send me some sites
to have a look at.
Maybe as a Christmas
present to me.
And I will see you
once you've done that.
Don't, don't, don't stop this
video until you click it.
Click.
Click it.
See you next time.
What do we want?
Websites!
When do we want them?
Now!
You know, you get the idea.
Right?
OK.